Added missing links and recommending Functions v3 (#58392)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-functions/functions-run-local.md

    - For version 2.x of the tools, only Node.js 8.5 and later versions are supported.
    - For version 3.x of the tools, only Node.js 10 and later versions are supported.

> 2. Install the Core Tools package:

Reviewer: I think the convention is to always use `1`. Markdown will figure out what the correct number is at rendering time.

Author: Didn't realize it's a convention. Reverted.

    ##### v3.x (recommended)

    ```cmd
    npm install -g azure-functions-core-tools@3
    ```

    ##### v2.x

    ```cmd
    npm install -g azure-functions-core-tools@2
    ```

   It may take a few minutes for npm to download and install the Core Tools package.

> 3. If you don't plan to use [extension bundles](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-bindings-register#extension-bundles), install the [.NET Core 3.x SDK for Windows](https://www.microsoft.com/net/download/windows).

Reviewer: I suggest changing your link targets here. Note that the relative .md link is important to prevent broken links and to ensure we direct to the correct translation.

```suggestion
3. If you don't plan to use [extension bundles](functions-bindings-register.md#extension-bundles), install the [.NET Core 3.x SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download).
```

# [macOS](#tab/macos)

The following steps use Homebrew to install the Core Tools on macOS.

1. Install [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/), if it's not already installed.

2. Install the Core Tools package:

    ##### v3.x (recommended)

    ```bash
    brew tap azure/functions
    brew install azure-functions-core-tools@3
    # if upgrading on a machine that has 2.x installed
    brew link --overwrite azure-functions-core-tools@3
    ```
    
    ##### v2.x

    ```bash
    brew tap azure/functions
    brew install azure-functions-core-tools@2
    ```
    

> 3. If you don't plan to use [extension bundles](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-bindings-register#extension-bundles), install the [.NET Core 3.x SDK for MacOS](https://www.microsoft.com/net/download/macos).

Reviewer: Same comment about these links.

Author: Changed.

    | Ubuntu 17.04    | `zesty`     |
    | Ubuntu 16.04/Linux Mint 18    | `xenial`  |

4. Start the APT source update:

    ```bash
    sudo apt-get update
    ```

5. Install the Core Tools package:

    ##### v3.x (recommended)
    ```bash
    sudo apt-get update
    sudo apt-get install azure-functions-core-tools-3
    ```
    
    ##### v2.x
    ```bash
    sudo apt-get update
    sudo apt-get install azure-functions-core-tools-2
    ```

> 6. If you don't plan to use [extension bundles](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-bindings-register#extension-bundles), install [.NET Core 3.x SDK for Linux](https://www.microsoft.com/net/download/linux).

Reviewer: Same comment about these links

Author: Changed.
